# A1000-MAARENS-M01-JAN-A-ES6-5 - Skills of Life

This repository houses documents covering, even attempting to link, the connections between acquiring skills (such as software development skills) and spirituality. In this writing project (in parallel with the software development project this repository is associated with) we hope to gradually show that there is no separation between spirituality and the life of a true professional. Yes, we have the other technical documents detailing how we have developed the software itself - separate from this repository of writings - but we argue that true success can only be had if one understands that there is something beyond technology. Technology dies along with its creators. Technology can not help us if we are dead inside.

It is the author's observations that we are in a "pretend" world, a world that "pretends" everything is okay, or will be okay following a change of human leaders. In 6000 years of this game, this pattern of exchanging leaders and empires and dynasties has not led to improved human conditions. The so-called modern world is crumbling all around us. And while technology can help improve lives - this part is true - lives are not being improved despite all the technology and promise of technology. 

This is not about psychology or sociology or psycho-therapy or any of the like. This is about seeking real answers to real problems with shortages in technical talent (the area of focus here) and specifically software development talent being all too widespread. How does one blindly accept there to be a "dearth" of software talent in a world of eight billion people as of the time of this writing? How does one not even ask if there is a bigger problem with the human race as a whole? Let's think, for a moment, about the specifically chosen word "dearth".

The word "dearth" dates back to 13th Century English according to Merriam-Webster's online dictionary (accessed 30 December 2024). Since the 13th Century the word has been associated with "scarcity". But the word extends to include associations with words such as "insidious" and "invasion". From a direct quote per the above reference the word dearth "implies the absence or scarcity of not just any old thing, but of something one wants or needs."

It is the observations here, based on personal observations going back to the year 1985, that there is a link between real, tangible, lasting, consistent improvements in the conditions of the human race and the acceptance that we (people on this planet) are not as advanced as we "pretend" to be. The "dearth" of talent is a strong indicator of this truth. And this is directly related to our inability to accept that there are civilizations beyond this earth and our acceptance and the seeking of real answers therein is how we are able to move forward in life. Real success, not smoke-and-mirrors success which is most so-called successful people.

At the risk of sounding un-professional, just think of it as the times we are in, the idea of true professionalism in the current world is B.S. But this author digresses if only to leave it at that in this introductory explanation for why this writing project should exist along side a bonafied software development project. This ancillary writing project itself seeks to make the case between the success of a growing software development project and real spirituality (the acceptance of something greater, more intelligent and not as easy to trick and fool as people of this stupid world "pretend").
